---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptime_check_heartbeat Resource - terraform-provider-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Monitor a periodic process, such as Cron, and issue alerts if the expected interval is exceeded. Import using the check ID: terraform import uptime_check_heartbeat.example 123
---

# uptime_check_heartbeat (Resource)

Monitor a periodic process, such as Cron, and issue alerts if the expected interval is exceeded. Import using the check ID: `terraform import uptime_check_heartbeat.example 123`



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `contact_groups` (Set of String) List of contact group names to receive notifications.
Each contact group can contain multiple contacts (email addresses, phone numbers, or integrations)
that will be notified when alerts are triggered. Defaults to ['Default'] if not specified.
Set to an empty list to disable notifications at this level and rely on parent check group notifications instead.
- `include_in_global_metrics` (Boolean) Include this check in uptime/response time calculations for the dashboard and status pages
- `interval` (Number) The interval between checks in minutes
- `is_paused` (Boolean)
- `notes` (String)
- `sla` (Attributes) SLA related attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sla))
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags to organize and filter monitoring checks. 
Each account can have up to 3,000 unique tags, with a 100-character limit per tag. 
Tags help categorize resources for filtering in Dashboards, Public Status Pages, and SLA Reports. 
Common use cases include tagging by team ('dev-team', 'ops'), environment ('production', 'staging'), 
or purpose ('api', 'customer-facing'). Defaults to an empty list if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `heartbeat_url` (String) URL to send data to the check
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--sla"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sla`

Optional:

- `latency` (String) The maximum average response time. Unit is mandatory (e.g. 1500ms or 1.5s or 1s500ms).
- `uptime` (String) The minimum uptime percentage. \nMust be a fraction with exactly 4 decimal places (e.g. 0.9995 for 99.95% uptime)
