---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptime_check_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Receive alerts based on periodic jobs or processes using an automated HTTP callback
---

# uptime_check_webhook (Resource)

Receive alerts based on periodic jobs or processes using an automated HTTP callback



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `contact_groups` (Set of String) List of contact group names to receive notifications. 
Each contact group can contain multiple contacts (email addresses, phone numbers, or integrations) 
that will be notified when alerts are triggered. Defaults to ['Default'] if not specified.
- `include_in_global_metrics` (Boolean) Include this check in uptime/response time calculations for the dashboard and status pages
- `is_paused` (Boolean)
- `notes` (String)
- `sla` (Attributes) SLA related attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sla))
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags to organize and filter monitoring checks. 
Each account can have up to 3,000 unique tags, with a 100-character limit per tag. 
Tags help categorize resources for filtering in Dashboards, Public Status Pages, and SLA Reports. 
Common use cases include tagging by team ('dev-team', 'ops'), environment ('production', 'staging'), 
or purpose ('api', 'customer-facing'). Defaults to an empty list if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `url` (String)
- `webhook_url` (String) URL to send data to your check

<a id="nestedatt--sla"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sla`

Optional:

- `latency` (String) The maximum average response time. Unit is mandatory (e.g. 1500ms or 1.5s or 1s500ms).
- `uptime` (String) The minimum uptime percentage. \nMust be a fraction with exactly 4 decimal places (e.g. 0.9995 for 99.95% uptime)


