---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptime_check_pagespeed Resource - terraform-provider-uptime"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Page Speed Check
---

# uptime_check_pagespeed (Resource)

Page Speed Check



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)
- `script` (String) The script to run. Must be valid JSON.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `contact_groups` (Set of String) List of contact group names to receive notifications. 
Each contact group can contain multiple contacts (email addresses, phone numbers, or integrations) 
that will be notified when alerts are triggered. Defaults to ['Default'] if not specified.
- `headers` (String, Sensitive)
- `interval` (Number) The interval between checks in minutes
- `is_paused` (Boolean)
- `locations` (Set of String)
- `notes` (String)
- `num_retries` (Number) How many times the check should be retried before a location is considered down
- `password` (String, Sensitive)
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags to organize and filter monitoring checks. 
Each account can have up to 3,000 unique tags, with a 100-character limit per tag. 
Tags help categorize resources for filtering in Dashboards, Public Status Pages, and SLA Reports. 
Common use cases include tagging by team ('dev-team', 'ops'), environment ('production', 'staging'), 
or purpose ('api', 'customer-facing'). Defaults to an empty list if not specified.
- `username` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `connection_throttling` (String)
- `emulated_device` (String)
- `exclude_urls` (String)
- `uptime_grade_threshold` (String)
